Add case study guidelines (#4539)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/handbook/case-study-guidelines/index.md

## web.dev's goal for case studies {: #goal }

**Our goal is to persuade web developers to make a change**. The best way to do
that is to focus on how the reader's life will get better if they make the
change.

We understand that the partner's motivation is usually to increase awareness of
their company or product. We believe that it's in the partner's best interest to
not focus on themselves too much. By focusing on what's in it for web developers (the
people who are most likely to read our case studies), we maximize the odds that
people actually read and share the case study.

## Find a compelling correlation {: #correlation }

A very effective approach for case study messaging is to highlight a correlation
between the changes that the web developers made and a business metric
improvement. Examples:

* [Clipchamp's video editor PWA installs see a 97% monthly growth](https://web.dev/clipchamp/)
* [PWA users are 2.5x more likely to purchase Gravit Designer PRO](https://web.dev/gravit-designer/)
* [JD.ID improves their mobile conversion rate by 53% with caching strategies, installation, and push notifications](https://web.dev/jdid/)

> * [Rakuten 24’s investment in PWA increases user retention by 450%](https://web.dev/rakuten-24/)

Author: ```suggestion
* [Rakuten 24's investment in PWA increases user retention by 450%](https://web.dev/rakuten-24/)
```

> * [Clipchamp's video editor PWA installs see a 97% monthly growth](https://web.dev/clipchamp/)
> * [PWA users are 2.5x more likely to purchase Gravit Designer PRO](https://web.dev/gravit-designer/)
> * [JD.ID improves their mobile conversion rate by 53% with caching strategies, installation, and push notifications](https://web.dev/jdid/)
> * [Rakuten 24’s investment in PWA increases user retention by 450%](https://web.dev/rakuten-24/)
> * [How focusing on web performance improved Tokopedia's click-through rate by 35%](https://web.dev/tokopedia/)

Author: ```suggestion
* [Clipchamp's video editor PWA installs see a 97% monthly growth](/clipchamp/)
* [PWA users are 2.5x more likely to purchase Gravit Designer PRO](/gravit-designer/)
* [JD.ID improves their mobile conversion rate by 53% with caching strategies, installation, and push notifications](/jdid/)
* [Rakuten 24's investment in PWA increases user retention by 450%](/rakuten-24/)
* [How focusing on web performance improved Tokopedia's click-through rate by 35%](/tokopedia/)
```
